1) What is Emmet?

    most of the editors are used emments, which helps to write code faster and clean, The small abbrivation code is converted into large accurate code 


2) Difference between a Library and Framework?

    both of them we used for sloving our code problem and both of them are write some one , when we compare this both we should consentrated on calling code,
    if we use Library our code is calling to Library where we want, if we use Framework , Framework will call to our code 
    if we use Library the application is our control means we can control our components 
    if we use Framework the application control will take Framework 
    if we use Library we can call Library function where we want and use that code , it means freedome
    if we use Framework we should follow certain rulls gave by the frame work , it means not freedome
    if we use framework , the framework will give buetyfull platform to develop application and it gives css style and forms , https calls 
    if we use library , it gives only code , it doesnt maintaind any global state 
    for exmaple react is library , if we can maintain state we use Redux , if we want to call https request we use Axious 



3) What is CDN? Why do we use it?

    CDN means content delivary network , We are using cdn for taking the html and script data from internate to render in the browser 


4) What is crossorigin in script tag?

    If we serve react in CDN we need to use crossorigin because it enables the better error handling expireance and we can acces-contol-allow-origin
    meants HTTP header 


5) What is diference between React and ReactDOM?

    React library is responsible for creating the ui element  and ReactDOM is responsible for actualy where we need to render code in browser


6)What is async and defer?

    usually when run the html document , first started the html parsing and when it hits the script tag , it go to the sever and get the code and excute then and there only
    and again it started parsing the html , it has large gup while html parsing 

    when we use async  calls script while html persing the script will go to network and grabthe data when it holds all data it stops the html parsing and start 
    excuting script and againg it takes html persing it has also small gap

    when we use differ calls while html persing the script data also grabing form network and when the html persing is end then script data is excuting 
 


7) where we use async and differ ?

    if we use multiple scripts its depends on each other in that cases we use differ, because it maintain order insted of we use asynk it excute some script 
    in that situationg offer code will crash


8)Why is React known as React?




9)What is difference between react.development.js and react.production.js files via CDN?
